[Autogenerated] Alright,
So let's just talk about the last technology within
Ken is is and that's video streams.
So if I select create video stream,
it brings us to our creates stream set up page.
So we give it a name.
I'll call this Pluralsight will just follow suit like our other demos.
We can have a default configuration.
So our default retention period for our data in an a W s K m s key or we can
supply a custom one where we specify our data retention.
So I can do let's say five days just for an example
and I can specify a key as well.
So I'll do default.
You can see that the default is one day and the default key is the typical a
W s prefixed managed key and then we can give some tags.
So if I create our video stream, that's it.
That's how simple it is.
We just created a video stream for our producers to connect to.
Now what you would do is you go to download sdk and this brings you to the
pages on the STK for the producer libraries and you can see the main languages
here on the left Java Android C++ and then see So those error just some Amazon
supported examples that you can use.
And what would happen is we can go in here and we can
actually have media playback as those videos.
And that data is coming in in real time.
So as its streaming this data as our producer is pushing our data in we can
start streaming here and visualizing that media playback,
it's a really cool technology.
Now, one last thing before we go, you'll see there's a signaling channels here,
and this is the other possibility that we have so for non video data,
right?
So if I go down here and I do Pluralsight SignalR,
we specify a time to live and we can do a tag.
So this is going to allow us to set up video streams via a
different sdk on our devices and applications.
And what it's doing is it's using a different
protocol than the typical video stream.
Now, I'm not going to set anything up.
I'm gonna clean this up, but that's all I wanted to show you.
I just wanted to walk through how this looks when you're wanting
to create a video stream within Ken is is. So let's go ahead and end here and then we'll move on to the module, wrap up